kitchen/eng/README.md, before:

# Treat

Food/baking blog template for Jekyll. Browse through a [live demo](https://spring-bat.cloudvent.net/).

![Treat template screenshot](images/_screenshot.png)

Treat was made by [CloudCannon](http://cloudcannon.com/), the Cloud CMS for Jekyll.

Find more templates, themes and step-by-step Jekyll tutorials at [CloudCannon Academy](https://learn.cloudcannon.com/).

[![Deploy to CloudCannon](https://buttons.cloudcannon.com/deploy.svg)](https://app.cloudcannon.com/register#sites/connect/github/CloudCannon/treat-jekyll-template)

## Features

* Contact form
* Pre-built pages
* Pre-styled components
* Blog with pagination
* Disqus comments for posts
* Configurable sidebar
* Optimised for editing in [CloudCannon](http://cloudcannon.com/)
* RSS/Atom feed
* SEO tags
* Google Analytics

## Setup

1. Add your site and author details in `_config.yml`.
2. Add your Google Analytics, Disqus and MailChimp keys to `_config.yml`.
3. Add your details to `_data/sidebar.yml`
4. Get a workflow going to see your site's output (with [CloudCannon](https://app.cloudcannon.com/) or Jekyll locally).

## Develop

Treat was built with [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) version 3.4.3, but should support newer versions as well.

Install the dependencies with [Bundler](http://bundler.io/):

~~~bash
$ bundle install
~~~

Run `jekyll` commands through Bundler to ensure you're using the right versions:

~~~bash
$ bundle exec jekyll serve
~~~

## Editing

Treat is already optimised for adding, updating and removing recipes, navigation, page content, and sidebar information in CloudCannon.

### Posts/Recipes

* Add, update or remove a post in the *Posts* collection.
* The recipes page is organised by categories.
* Change the defaults when new posts are created in `_posts/_defaults.md`.

### Contact Form

* Preconfigured to work with CloudCannon, but easily changed to another provider (e.g. [FormSpree](https://formspree.io/)).
* Sends email to the address listed in company details.

### Navigation

* Exposed as a data file to give clients better access.
* Set in the *Data* / *Navigation* section.

### Footer

* Exposed as a data file to give clients better access.
* Set in the *Data* / *Footer* section.

# Ideas for improvement

## Mealplan Generator

1. The aggregated macros need to stay bellow the navbar
2. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks can be clickable buttons on the side that when clicked will show the foods for that section to be selected
3. When foods offered they can be split up in subsections such as fruits, dairy, etc...

Commit message:

sidebar improvement for mealplan generator

kitchen/eng/README.md, after:

# Treat

Food/baking blog template for Jekyll. Browse through a [live demo](https://spring-bat.cloudvent.net/).

![Treat template screenshot](images/_screenshot.png)

Treat was made by [CloudCannon](http://cloudcannon.com/), the Cloud CMS for Jekyll.

Find more templates, themes and step-by-step Jekyll tutorials at [CloudCannon Academy](https://learn.cloudcannon.com/).

[![Deploy to CloudCannon](https://buttons.cloudcannon.com/deploy.svg)](https://app.cloudcannon.com/register#sites/connect/github/CloudCannon/treat-jekyll-template)

## Features

* Contact form
* Pre-built pages
* Pre-styled components
* Blog with pagination
* Disqus comments for posts
* Configurable sidebar
* Optimised for editing in [CloudCannon](http://cloudcannon.com/)
* RSS/Atom feed
* SEO tags
* Google Analytics

## Setup

1. Add your site and author details in `_config.yml`.
2. Add your Google Analytics, Disqus and MailChimp keys to `_config.yml`.
3. Add your details to `_data/sidebar.yml`
4. Get a workflow going to see your site's output (with [CloudCannon](https://app.cloudcannon.com/) or Jekyll locally).

## Develop

Treat was built with [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) version 3.4.3, but should support newer versions as well.

Install the dependencies with [Bundler](http://bundler.io/):

~~~bash
$ bundle install
~~~

Run `jekyll` commands through Bundler to ensure you're using the right versions:

~~~bash
$ bundle exec jekyll serve
~~~

## Editing

Treat is already optimised for adding, updating and removing recipes, navigation, page content, and sidebar information in CloudCannon.

### Posts/Recipes

* Add, update or remove a post in the *Posts* collection.
* The recipes page is organised by categories.
* Change the defaults when new posts are created in `_posts/_defaults.md`.

### Contact Form

* Preconfigured to work with CloudCannon, but easily changed to another provider (e.g. [FormSpree](https://formspree.io/)).
* Sends email to the address listed in company details.

### Navigation

* Exposed as a data file to give clients better access.
* Set in the *Data* / *Navigation* section.

### Footer

* Exposed as a data file to give clients better access.
* Set in the *Data* / *Footer* section.

# Ideas for improvement

## Mealplan Generator
- [x] The aggregated macros need to stay below the navbar
- [ ] Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks can be clickable buttons on the side that when clicked will show the foods for that section to be selected
- [ ] When foods are offered, they can be split up into subsections such as fruits, dairy, etc.
- [ ] Export mealplan button that will save the mealplan under mealplans tab
- [ ] Move the foods into a firebase database
