workouts/muscle_building/the_ultimate_diet_workout.md, before:

---
title: The Ultimate Diet Workout
subtitle: 1 week
layout: page
canonical_url: https://nikolaandro.github.io/Workouts_Page/workouts/muscle_building/the_ultimate_diet_workout/
url: https://nikolaandro.github.io/Workouts_Page/workouts/muscle_building/the_ultimate_diet_workout/
modal-id: 6
has_coach: no
date: 2022-07-24
img_path: portfolio/ultimate-diet-inside.png
img: ultimate-diet-inside.png
thumbnail: ultimate-diet-cover.png 
alt: image-alt
project-date: July 2022
client: Start Bootstrap
category: Muscle Building
description: This is a workout related to  extrem shredding diet. If you lookup Lyle McDonald and his Ultimate Diet 2.0, you find how to feed yourself. I recommend that you have nothing important that week cause this will make you hangry and you will not have the focus as usual.
day1_num: Day 1 - 
day1: Monday (Full Body Glyogen Depletion)
mon1_exc1: Leg Press - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc2: Leg Curl 3 x 15, rest 1 min. 
mon1_exc3: Chest Press 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc4: Barbbell Row 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc5: Lateral Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc6: Calf Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc7: Bicep Curl 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc8: Triceps Pushdown 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc9: Leg Press - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc10: Leg Curl 3 x 15, rest 1 min. 
mon1_exc11: Chest Press 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc12: Barbbell Row 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc13: Lateral Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc14: Calf Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc15: Bicep Curl 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc16: Triceps Pushdown 2 x 15, rest 1 min..
mon1_exc17: (optional) 30-60 minutes of Low-Intensity Steady State (LISS) cardio
day2_num: Day 2 - 
day2: Tuesday (Full Body Glyogen Depletion)
tu1_exc1: Leg Press - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc2: Leg Curl 3 x 15, rest 1 min. 
tu1_exc3: Incline Bench 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc4: Lat Pulldown 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc5: Lateral Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc6: Calf Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc7: Bicep Curl 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc8: Triceps Pushdown 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc9: Leg Press - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc10: Leg Curl - 3 x 15, rest 1 min. 
tu1_exc11: Incline Bench - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc12: Lat Pulldown - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc13: Lateral Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc14: Calf Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc15: Bicep Curl 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc16: Triceps Pushdown 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc17: 30-60 minutes of Low-Intensity Steady State (LISS) cardio
day3_num: Day 3 - 
day3: Wednesday (Optional Morning Moderate-Intensity Cardio)
wed1_exc1: Running 45-60 min. 
day4_num: Day 4 - 
day4: Thursday (Cardio and Tension training (70-85% of 1RM) Stop 1 rep short of failure <i>final glyogen depletion<i>) 
th1_exc1: (Optional) Running 30-60 min (Must be done in the morning!)
th1_exc2: Leg Press 2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc3: Leg Curl 2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc4: Leg Extension 1-2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc5: Seated Leg Curl 1-2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc6: Calf Raise 3-4 x 6-12,rest 1-2 min.
th1_exc7: Bench Press (or chest press machine)  2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc8: Cable Row  2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc9: Incline Bench Press  1-2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc10: Pull down or Chin Ups 1-2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc11: Lateral Raise 2-3 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc12: Bicep Curl 2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc13: Triceps Pushdwon 2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
day5_num: Day 5 - 
day5: Friday (Rest)
day6_num: Day 6 - 
day6: Saturday (Power) - <i> 2-4 seconds down, lift up as quickly as possible
sat1_exc1: Barbell Back Squat 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc2: Calf Raise 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc3: Bench Press 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc4: Bent over row 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc5: Incline Bench 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc6: Pull up 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc7: Leg Press 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc8: Shoulder Press 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc9: Rear lateral 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc10: Barbell Curl 2 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc11: Close grip bench 2 x 3-6
day7_num: Day 7 -
day7: Sunday
sun1_exc1: REST
day8_num: Day 8 -
day8: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon2_exc1: 
mon2_exc2: 
mon2_exc3: 
mon2_exc4: 
mon2_exc5: 
mon2_exc6: 
mon2_exc7: 
mon2_exc8: 
mon2_exc9: 
mon2_exc10: 
mon2_exc11: 
mon2_exc12: 
day9_num: Day 9 -
day9: Tuesday (Back)
tu2_exc1: 
tu2_exc2: 
tu2_exc3: 
tu2_exc4: 
tu2_exc5: 
tu2_exc6: 
tu2_exc7: 
tu2_exc8:
tu2_exc9:
tu2_exc10:
tu2_exc11:
tu2_exc12:
day10_num: Day 10 -
day10: Wednesday (Legs & Abs)
wed2_exc1: 
wed2_exc2: 
wed2_exc3: 
wed2_exc4:
wed2_exc5: 
wed2_exc6: 
wed2_exc7: 
wed2_exc8: 
wed2_exc9: 
wed2_exc10: 
wed2_exc11: 
day11_num: Day 11 -
day11: Thursday (Shoulders)
th2_exc1: 
th2_exc2: 
th2_exc3: 
th2_exc4: 
th2_exc5: 
th2_exc6: 
th2_exc7: 
th2_exc8: 
th2_exc9: 
th2_exc10: 
th2_exc11: 
th2_exc12: 
day12_num: Day 12 -
day12: Friday (Arms & Abs)
fri2_exc1: 
fri2_exc2: 
fri2_exc3: 
fri2_exc4: 
fri2_exc5: 
fri2_exc6: 
fri2_exc7: 
fri2_exc8: 
fri2_exc9: 
fri2_exc10: 
fri2_exc11: 
fri2_exc12: 
fri2_exc13: 
fri2_exc14: 
fri2_exc15: 
day13_num: Day 13 -
day13: Saturday
sat2_exc1: REST
day14_num: Day 14 -
day14: Sunday
sun2_exc1: REST
day15_num: Day 15 -
day15: Monday (Chest & Abs) 
mon3_exc1: 
mon3_exc2: 
mon3_exc3: 
mon3_exc4: 
mon3_exc5:
mon3_exc6: 
mon3_exc7: 
mon3_exc8: 
mon3_exc9:
mon3_exc10: 
mon3_exc11: 
mon3_exc12: 
mon3_exc13: 
day16_num: Day 16 -
day16: Tuesday (Back & Abs)
tu3_exc1: 
tu3_exc2:
tu3_exc3: 
tu3_exc4: 
tu3_exc5: 
tu3_exc6: 
tu3_exc7: 
tu3_exc8: 
tu3_exc9:
tu3_exc10:
tu3_exc11:
day17_num: Day 17 -
day17: Wednesday (Legs & Abs)
wed3_exc1: 
wed3_exc2: 
wed3_exc3: 
wed3_exc4: 
wed3_exc5: 
wed3_exc6: 
wed3_exc7: 
wed3_exc8: 
wed3_exc9: 
wed3_exc10: 
wed3_exc11: 
day18_num: Day 18 -
day18: Thursday (Shoulders)
th3_exc1: 
th3_exc2: 
th3_exc3: 
th3_exc4: 
th3_exc5: 
th3_exc6: 
th3_exc7: 
th3_exc8: 
th3_exc9: 
th3_exc10: 
th3_exc11: 
th3_exc12:
day19_num: Day 19 -
day19: Friday (Arms)
fri3_exc1: 
fri3_exc2: 
fri3_exc3:
fri3_exc4: 
fri3_exc5: 
fri3_exc6: 
fri3_exc7: 
fri3_exc8: 
fri3_exc9: 
fri3_exc10: 
fri3_exc11: 
fri3_exc12: 
fri3_exc13: 
fri3_exc14: 
fri3_exc15: 
fri3_exc16: 
day20_num: Day 20 -
day20: Saturday (Legs)
sat3_exc1: 
sat3_exc2: 
sat3_exc3: 
sat3_exc4: 
sat3_exc5: 
sat3_exc6: 
sat3_exc7: 
sat3_exc8: 
sat3_exc9:
sat3_exc10:
sat3_exc11:
sat3_exc12:
day21_num: Day 21 -
day21: Sunday
sun3_exc1: REST
sun3_exc2: 
sun3_exc3: 
sun3_exc4: 
sun3_exc5: 
sun3_exc6: 
sun3_exc7: 
sun3_exc8: 
sun3_exc9: 
sun3_exc10: 
sun3_exc11: 
day22_num: Day 22 -
day22: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon4_exc1: 
mon4_exc2: 
mon4_exc3: 
mon4_exc4: 
mon4_exc5: 
mon4_exc6: 
mon4_exc7: 
mon4_exc8: 
mon4_exc9: 
mon4_exc10: 
mon4_exc11: 
mon4_exc12:
day23_num: Day 23 -
day23: Tuesday (Back & Abs)
tu4_exc1: 
tu4_exc2: 
tu4_exc3: 
tu4_exc4: 
tu4_exc5: 
tu4_exc6: 
tu4_exc7: 
tu4_exc8: 
tu4_exc9: 
tu4_exc10:
tu4_exc11: 
tu4_exc12:
day24_num: Day 24 -
day24: Wednesday (Legs)
wed4_exc1: 
wed4_exc2: 
wed4_exc3: 
wed4_exc4: 
wed4_exc5: 
wed4_exc6: 
wed4_exc7: 
wed4_exc8: 
wed4_exc9: 
wed4_exc10:
wed4_exc11:
wed4_exc12:
day25_num: Day 25 -
day25: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th4_exc1: 
th4_exc2: 
th4_exc3: 
th4_exc4: 
th4_exc5: 
th4_exc6: 
th4_exc7: 
th4_exc8: 
th4_exc9: 
th4_exc10: 
th4_exc11: 
day26_num: Day 26 -
day26: Friday (Arms)
fri4_exc1: 
fri4_exc2: 
fri4_exc3: 
fri4_exc4: 
fri4_exc5: 
fri4_exc6: 
fri4_exc7: 
fri4_exc8: 
fri4_exc9: 
fri4_exc10: 
fri4_exc11: 
fri4_exc12: 
fri4_exc13: 
fri4_exc14: 
day27_num: Day 27 -
day27: Saturday (REST)
sat4_exc1: 
sat4_exc2: 
sat4_exc3: 
sat4_exc4: 
sat4_exc5: 
sat4_exc6: 
sat4_exc7: 
sat4_exc8: 
sat4_exc9: 
sat4_exc10: 
sat4_exc11: 
day28_num: Day 28 -
day28: Sunday (REST)
sun4_exc1:
sun4_exc2: 
sun4_exc3: 
sun4_exc4: 
sun4_exc5: 
sun4_exc6: 
sun4_exc7: 
sun4_exc8: 
sun4_exc9: 
sun4_exc10: 
sun4_exc11: 
day29_num: Day 29 -
day29: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon5_exc1: 
mon5_exc2: 
mon5_exc3: 
mon5_exc4: 
mon5_exc5: 
mon5_exc6: 
mon5_exc7: 
mon5_exc8: 
mon5_exc9: 
mon5_exc10: 
mon5_exc11: 
mon5_exc12: 
day30_num: Day 30 -
day30: Tuesday (Back)
tu5_exc1: 
tu5_exc2: 
tu5_exc3: 
tu5_exc4: 
tu5_exc5: 
tu5_exc6: 
tu5_exc7: 
tu5_exc8:
tu5_exc9:
tu5_exc10:
tu5_exc11:
tu5_exc12:
day31_num: Day 31 -
day31: Wednesday (Legs & Abs)
wed5_exc1: 
wed5_exc2: 
wed5_exc3: 
wed5_exc4: 
wed5_exc5: 
wed5_exc6: 
wed5_exc7: 
wed5_exc8: 
wed5_exc9: 
wed5_exc10:
wed5_exc11:
day32_num: Day 32 -
day32: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th5_exc1: 
th5_exc2: 
th5_exc3: 
th5_exc4: 
th5_exc5: 
th5_exc6: 
th5_exc7: 
th5_exc8: 
th5_exc9: 
th5_exc10:
th5_exc12:
th5_exc13:
th5_exc14:
th5_exc15:
day33_num: Day 33 -
day33: Friday (Arms)
fri5_exc1: 
fri5_exc2: 
fri5_exc3: 
fri5_exc4: 
fri5_exc5: 
fri5_exc6: 
fri5_exc7: 
fri5_exc8: 
fri5_exc9: 
fri5_exc10:
fri5_exc11:
fri5_exc12:
fri5_exc13:
fri5_exc14:
fri5_exc15:
day34_num: Day 34 -
day34: Saturday (Legs)
sat5_exc1: 
sat5_exc2: 
sat5_exc3: 
sat5_exc4: 
sat5_exc5: 
sat5_exc6: 
sat5_exc7:
sat5_exc8:
sat5_exc9:
sat5_exc10:
sat5_exc11:
day35_num: Day 35 -
day35: Sunday (REST)
sun5_exc1: 
sun5_exc2: 
sun5_exc3: 
sun5_exc4: 
sun5_exc5: 
sun5_exc6: 
sun5_exc7: 
sun5_exc8: 
sun5_exc9: 
sun5_exc10: 
sun5_exc11: 
day36_num: Day 36 -
day36: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon6_exc1: 
mon6_exc2: 
mon6_exc3: 
mon6_exc4: 
mon6_exc5: 
mon6_exc6: 
mon6_exc7: 
mon6_exc8: 
mon6_exc9: 
mon6_exc10:
mon6_exc11:
mon6_exc12:
day37_num: Day 37 -
day37: Tuesday (Back & Abs)
tu6_exc1: 
tu6_exc2: 
tu6_exc3: 
tu6_exc4: 
tu6_exc5: 
tu6_exc6: 
tu6_exc7: 
tu6_exc8: 
tu6_exc9: 
tu6_exc10:
tu6_exc11:
day38_num: Day 38 -
day38: Wednesday (Legs)
wed6_exc1: 
wed6_exc2: 
wed6_exc3: 
wed6_exc4: 
wed6_exc5: 
wed6_exc6: 
wed6_exc7: 
wed6_exc8: 
wed6_exc9: 
wed6_exc10:
wed6_exc11:
wed6_exc12:
day39_num: 
day39: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th6_exc1: 
th6_exc2: 
th6_exc3: 
th6_exc4: 
th6_exc5: 
th6_exc6: 
th6_exc7: 
th6_exc8: 
th6_exc9: 
th6_exc10:
th6_exc11:
th6_exc12:
th6_exc13:
th6_exc14:
th6_exc15:
th6_exc16:
th6_exc17:
th6_exc18:
th6_exc19:
day40_num: Day 40 -
day40: Friday (Arms)
fri6_exc1: 
fri6_exc2: 
fri6_exc3: 
fri6_exc4: 
fri6_exc5: 
fri6_exc6: 
fri6_exc7: 
fri6_exc8: 
fri6_exc9: 
fri6_exc10:
fri6_exc11:
fri6_exc12:
day41_num: Day 41 -
day41: Saturday (REST)
sat6_exc1: 
sat6_exc2: 
sat6_exc3: 
sat6_exc4: 
sat6_exc5: 
sat6_exc6: 
sat6_exc7: 
sat6_exc8: 
sat6_exc9: 
sat6_exc10: 
sat6_exc11: 
day42_num: Day 42 -
day42: Sunday (REST)
sun6_exc1: 
sun6_exc2: 
sun6_exc3: 
sun6_exc4: 
sun6_exc5: 
sun6_exc6: 
sun6_exc7: 
sun6_exc8: 
sun6_exc9: 
sun6_exc10: 
sun6_exc11: 
day43_num: Day 43 -
day43: Monday (Chest)
mon7_exc1: 
mon7_exc2: 
mon7_exc3: 
mon7_exc4: 
mon7_exc5: 
mon7_exc6: 
mon7_exc7: 
mon7_exc8: 
mon7_exc9: 
mon7_exc10:
mon7_exc11:
day44_num: Day 44 -
day44: Tuesday (Back & Abs)
tu7_exc1: 
tu7_exc2: 
tu7_exc3: 
tu7_exc4: 
tu7_exc5: 
tu7_exc6: 
tu7_exc7: 
tu7_exc8: 
tu7_exc9: 
tu7_exc10:
tu7_exc11:
tu7_exc12:
tu7_exc13:
tu7_exc14:
day45_num: Day 45 -
day45: Wednesday (Legs)
wed7_exc1:
wed7_exc2:
wed7_exc3:
wed7_exc4:
wed7_exc5:
wed7_exc6:
wed7_exc7:
wed7_exc8:
wed7_exc9:
wed7_exc10:
wed7_exc11:
day46_num: Day 46 -
day46: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th7_exc1: 
th7_exc2: 
th7_exc3: 
th7_exc4: 
th7_exc5: 
th7_exc6: 
th7_exc7: 
th7_exc8: 
th7_exc9: 
th7_exc10:
th7_exc11:
th7_exc12:
th7_exc13:
th7_exc14:
day47_num: Day 47 -
day47: Friday (Arms)
fri7_exc1: 
fri7_exc2: 
fri7_exc3: 
fri7_exc4: 
fri7_exc5: 
fri7_exc6: 
fri7_exc7: 
fri7_exc8: 
fri7_exc9: 
fri7_exc10: 
fri7_exc11: 
fri7_exc12: 
fri7_exc13: 
fri7_exc14: 
fri7_exc15: 
fri7_exc16: 
day48_num: Day 48 -
day48: Saturday (REST)
sat7_exc1: 
sat7_exc2:
sat7_exc3:
sat7_exc4:
sat7_exc5:
sat7_exc6:
sat7_exc7:
sat7_exc8:
sat7_exc9:
sat7_exc10:
sat7_exc11:
day49_num: Day 49 -
day49: Sunday (REST)
sun7_exc1: 
sun7_exc2:
sun7_exc3:
sun7_exc4:
sun7_exc5:
sun7_exc6:
sun7_exc7:
sun7_exc8:
sun7_exc9:
sun7_exc10:
sun7_exc11:
day50_num: Day 50 -
day50: Monday (Chest)
mon8_exc1: 
mon8_exc2: 
mon8_exc3: 
mon8_exc4: 
mon8_exc5: 
mon8_exc6: 
mon8_exc7: 
mon8_exc8: 
mon8_exc9:
mon8_exc10:
mon8_exc11:
day51_num: Day 51 -
day51: Tuesday (Back)
tu8_exc1: 
tu8_exc2: 
tu8_exc3: 
tu8_exc4: 
tu8_exc5: 
tu8_exc6: 
tu8_exc7: 
tu8_exc8: 
tu8_exc9: 
tu8_exc10:
tu8_exc11:
day52_num: Day 52 -
day52: Wednesday (Legs)
wed8_exc1: 
wed8_exc2: 
wed8_exc3: 
wed8_exc4: 
wed8_exc5: 
wed8_exc6: 
wed8_exc7: 
wed8_exc8: 
wed8_exc9: 
wed8_exc10:
wed8_exc11:
day53_num: Day 53 -
day53: Thursday (Shoulders)
th8_exc1: 
th8_exc2: 
th8_exc3: 
th8_exc4: 
th8_exc5: 
th8_exc6: 
th8_exc7: 
th8_exc8: 
th8_exc9: 
th8_exc10:
th8_exc11:
th8_exc12:
th8_exc13:
th8_exc14:
th8_exc15:
th8_exc16:
th8_exc17:
th8_exc18:
day54_num: Day 54 -
day54: Friday (Arms)
fri8_exc1: 
fri8_exc2: 
fri8_exc3: 
fri8_exc4: 
fri8_exc5: 
fri8_exc6: 
fri8_exc7: 
fri8_exc8: 
fri8_exc9: 
fri8_exc10:
fri8_exc11:
fri8_exc12:
day55_num: Day 55 -
day55: Saturday (REST)
sat7_exc1: 
sat7_exc2:
sat7_exc3:
sat7_exc4:
sat7_exc5:
sat7_exc6:
sat7_exc7:
sat7_exc8:
sat7_exc9:
sat7_exc10:
sat7_exc11:
day56_num: Day 56 -
day56: Sunday (REST)
sun7_exc1: 
sun7_exc2:
sun7_exc3:
sun7_exc4:
sun7_exc5:
sun7_exc6:
sun7_exc7:
sun7_exc8:
sun7_exc9:
sun7_exc10:
sun7_exc11:
day57_num: Day 57 -
day57: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon9_exc1: 
mon9_exc2: 
mon9_exc3: 
mon9_exc4: 
mon9_exc5: 
mon9_exc6: 
mon9_exc7: 
mon9_exc8: 
mon9_exc9: 
mon9_exc10:
mon9_exc11:
day58_num: Day 58 -
day58: Tuesday (Back)
tu9_exc1: 
tu9_exc2: 
tu9_exc3: 
tu9_exc4: 
tu9_exc5: 
tu9_exc6: 
tu9_exc7: 
tu9_exc8: 
tu9_exc9: 
tu9_exc10:
tu9_exc11:
day59_num: Day 59 -
day59: Wednesday (Legs)
wed9_exc1:
wed9_exc2:
wed9_exc3:
wed9_exc4:
wed9_exc5:
wed9_exc6:
wed9_exc7:
wed9_exc8:
wed9_exc9:
wed9_exc10:
wed9_exc11:
day60_num: Day 60 -
day60: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th9_exc1: 
th9_exc2: 
th9_exc3: 
th9_exc4: 
th9_exc5: 
th9_exc6: 
th9_exc7: 
th9_exc8: 
th9_exc9: 
th9_exc10:
th9_exc11:
th9_exc12:
day61_num: Day 61 -
day61: Friday (Arms)
fri9_exc1: 
fri9_exc2: 
fri9_exc3: 
fri9_exc4: 
fri9_exc5: 
fri9_exc6: 
fri9_exc7: 
fri9_exc8: 
fri9_exc9: 
fri9_exc10:
fri9_exc11:
fri9_exc12:
fri9_exc13:
day62_num: Day 62 -
day62: Saturday (REST)
sat7_exc1: 
sat7_exc2:
sat7_exc3:
sat7_exc4:
sat7_exc5:
sat7_exc6:
sat7_exc7:
sat7_exc8:
sat7_exc9:
sat7_exc10:
sat7_exc11:
day63_num: Day 63 -
day63: Sunday (REST)
sun7_exc1: 
sun7_exc2:
sun7_exc3:
sun7_exc4:
sun7_exc5:
sun7_exc6:
sun7_exc7:
sun7_exc8:
sun7_exc9:
sun7_exc10:
sun7_exc11:
---

Commit message:

added link to the book

workouts/muscle_building/the_ultimate_diet_workout.md, after:

---
title: The Ultimate Diet Workout
subtitle: 1 week
layout: page
canonical_url: https://nikolaandro.github.io/Workouts_Page/workouts/muscle_building/the_ultimate_diet_workout/
url: https://nikolaandro.github.io/Workouts_Page/workouts/muscle_building/the_ultimate_diet_workout/
modal-id: 6
has_coach: no
date: 2022-07-24
img_path: portfolio/ultimate-diet-inside.png
img: ultimate-diet-inside.png
thumbnail: ultimate-diet-cover.png 
alt: image-alt
project-date: July 2022
client: Start Bootstrap
category: Muscle Building
description: This is a workout related to  extrem shredding diet by Lyle McDonald. If interested check out his [Ultimate Diet 2.0](https://www.amazon.com/Ultimate-Diet-2-0-Lyle-McDonald/dp/0967145627) book. I recommend that you have nothing important that week cause this will make you hangry and you will not have the focus as usual. Mr McDonald is pretty active online. He will most likelly answer to your questions via email.
day1_num: Day 1 - 
day1: Monday (Full Body Glyogen Depletion)
mon1_exc1: Leg Press - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc2: Leg Curl 3 x 15, rest 1 min. 
mon1_exc3: Chest Press 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc4: Barbbell Row 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc5: Lateral Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc6: Calf Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc7: Bicep Curl 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc8: Triceps Pushdown 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc9: Leg Press - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc10: Leg Curl 3 x 15, rest 1 min. 
mon1_exc11: Chest Press 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc12: Barbbell Row 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc13: Lateral Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc14: Calf Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc15: Bicep Curl 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
mon1_exc16: Triceps Pushdown 2 x 15, rest 1 min..
mon1_exc17: (optional) 30-60 minutes of Low-Intensity Steady State (LISS) cardio
day2_num: Day 2 - 
day2: Tuesday (Full Body Glyogen Depletion)
tu1_exc1: Leg Press - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc2: Leg Curl 3 x 15, rest 1 min. 
tu1_exc3: Incline Bench 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc4: Lat Pulldown 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc5: Lateral Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc6: Calf Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc7: Bicep Curl 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc8: Triceps Pushdown 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc9: Leg Press - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc10: Leg Curl - 3 x 15, rest 1 min. 
tu1_exc11: Incline Bench - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc12: Lat Pulldown - 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc13: Lateral Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc14: Calf Raise 3 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc15: Bicep Curl 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc16: Triceps Pushdown 2 x 15, rest 1 min.
tu1_exc17: 30-60 minutes of Low-Intensity Steady State (LISS) cardio
day3_num: Day 3 - 
day3: Wednesday (Optional Morning Moderate-Intensity Cardio)
wed1_exc1: Running 45-60 min. 
day4_num: Day 4 - 
day4: Thursday (Cardio and Tension training (70-85% of 1RM) Stop 1 rep short of failure <i>final glyogen depletion<i>) 
th1_exc1: (Optional) Running 30-60 min (Must be done in the morning!)
th1_exc2: Leg Press 2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc3: Leg Curl 2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc4: Leg Extension 1-2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc5: Seated Leg Curl 1-2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc6: Calf Raise 3-4 x 6-12,rest 1-2 min.
th1_exc7: Bench Press (or chest press machine)  2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc8: Cable Row  2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc9: Incline Bench Press  1-2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc10: Pull down or Chin Ups 1-2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc11: Lateral Raise 2-3 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc12: Bicep Curl 2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
th1_exc13: Triceps Pushdwon 2 x 6-12, rest 1-2 min. 
day5_num: Day 5 - 
day5: Friday (Rest)
day6_num: Day 6 - 
day6: Saturday (Power) - <i> 2-4 seconds down, lift up as quickly as possible
sat1_exc1: Barbell Back Squat 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc2: Calf Raise 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc3: Bench Press 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc4: Bent over row 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc5: Incline Bench 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc6: Pull up 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc7: Leg Press 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc8: Shoulder Press 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc9: Rear lateral 3 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc10: Barbell Curl 2 x 3-6, rest 2 min. 
sat1_exc11: Close grip bench 2 x 3-6
day7_num: Day 7 -
day7: Sunday
sun1_exc1: REST
day8_num: Day 8 -
day8: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon2_exc1: 
mon2_exc2: 
mon2_exc3: 
mon2_exc4: 
mon2_exc5: 
mon2_exc6: 
mon2_exc7: 
mon2_exc8: 
mon2_exc9: 
mon2_exc10: 
mon2_exc11: 
mon2_exc12: 
day9_num: Day 9 -
day9: Tuesday (Back)
tu2_exc1: 
tu2_exc2: 
tu2_exc3: 
tu2_exc4: 
tu2_exc5: 
tu2_exc6: 
tu2_exc7: 
tu2_exc8:
tu2_exc9:
tu2_exc10:
tu2_exc11:
tu2_exc12:
day10_num: Day 10 -
day10: Wednesday (Legs & Abs)
wed2_exc1: 
wed2_exc2: 
wed2_exc3: 
wed2_exc4:
wed2_exc5: 
wed2_exc6: 
wed2_exc7: 
wed2_exc8: 
wed2_exc9: 
wed2_exc10: 
wed2_exc11: 
day11_num: Day 11 -
day11: Thursday (Shoulders)
th2_exc1: 
th2_exc2: 
th2_exc3: 
th2_exc4: 
th2_exc5: 
th2_exc6: 
th2_exc7: 
th2_exc8: 
th2_exc9: 
th2_exc10: 
th2_exc11: 
th2_exc12: 
day12_num: Day 12 -
day12: Friday (Arms & Abs)
fri2_exc1: 
fri2_exc2: 
fri2_exc3: 
fri2_exc4: 
fri2_exc5: 
fri2_exc6: 
fri2_exc7: 
fri2_exc8: 
fri2_exc9: 
fri2_exc10: 
fri2_exc11: 
fri2_exc12: 
fri2_exc13: 
fri2_exc14: 
fri2_exc15: 
day13_num: Day 13 -
day13: Saturday
sat2_exc1: REST
day14_num: Day 14 -
day14: Sunday
sun2_exc1: REST
day15_num: Day 15 -
day15: Monday (Chest & Abs) 
mon3_exc1: 
mon3_exc2: 
mon3_exc3: 
mon3_exc4: 
mon3_exc5:
mon3_exc6: 
mon3_exc7: 
mon3_exc8: 
mon3_exc9:
mon3_exc10: 
mon3_exc11: 
mon3_exc12: 
mon3_exc13: 
day16_num: Day 16 -
day16: Tuesday (Back & Abs)
tu3_exc1: 
tu3_exc2:
tu3_exc3: 
tu3_exc4: 
tu3_exc5: 
tu3_exc6: 
tu3_exc7: 
tu3_exc8: 
tu3_exc9:
tu3_exc10:
tu3_exc11:
day17_num: Day 17 -
day17: Wednesday (Legs & Abs)
wed3_exc1: 
wed3_exc2: 
wed3_exc3: 
wed3_exc4: 
wed3_exc5: 
wed3_exc6: 
wed3_exc7: 
wed3_exc8: 
wed3_exc9: 
wed3_exc10: 
wed3_exc11: 
day18_num: Day 18 -
day18: Thursday (Shoulders)
th3_exc1: 
th3_exc2: 
th3_exc3: 
th3_exc4: 
th3_exc5: 
th3_exc6: 
th3_exc7: 
th3_exc8: 
th3_exc9: 
th3_exc10: 
th3_exc11: 
th3_exc12:
day19_num: Day 19 -
day19: Friday (Arms)
fri3_exc1: 
fri3_exc2: 
fri3_exc3:
fri3_exc4: 
fri3_exc5: 
fri3_exc6: 
fri3_exc7: 
fri3_exc8: 
fri3_exc9: 
fri3_exc10: 
fri3_exc11: 
fri3_exc12: 
fri3_exc13: 
fri3_exc14: 
fri3_exc15: 
fri3_exc16: 
day20_num: Day 20 -
day20: Saturday (Legs)
sat3_exc1: 
sat3_exc2: 
sat3_exc3: 
sat3_exc4: 
sat3_exc5: 
sat3_exc6: 
sat3_exc7: 
sat3_exc8: 
sat3_exc9:
sat3_exc10:
sat3_exc11:
sat3_exc12:
day21_num: Day 21 -
day21: Sunday
sun3_exc1: REST
sun3_exc2: 
sun3_exc3: 
sun3_exc4: 
sun3_exc5: 
sun3_exc6: 
sun3_exc7: 
sun3_exc8: 
sun3_exc9: 
sun3_exc10: 
sun3_exc11: 
day22_num: Day 22 -
day22: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon4_exc1: 
mon4_exc2: 
mon4_exc3: 
mon4_exc4: 
mon4_exc5: 
mon4_exc6: 
mon4_exc7: 
mon4_exc8: 
mon4_exc9: 
mon4_exc10: 
mon4_exc11: 
mon4_exc12:
day23_num: Day 23 -
day23: Tuesday (Back & Abs)
tu4_exc1: 
tu4_exc2: 
tu4_exc3: 
tu4_exc4: 
tu4_exc5: 
tu4_exc6: 
tu4_exc7: 
tu4_exc8: 
tu4_exc9: 
tu4_exc10:
tu4_exc11: 
tu4_exc12:
day24_num: Day 24 -
day24: Wednesday (Legs)
wed4_exc1: 
wed4_exc2: 
wed4_exc3: 
wed4_exc4: 
wed4_exc5: 
wed4_exc6: 
wed4_exc7: 
wed4_exc8: 
wed4_exc9: 
wed4_exc10:
wed4_exc11:
wed4_exc12:
day25_num: Day 25 -
day25: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th4_exc1: 
th4_exc2: 
th4_exc3: 
th4_exc4: 
th4_exc5: 
th4_exc6: 
th4_exc7: 
th4_exc8: 
th4_exc9: 
th4_exc10: 
th4_exc11: 
day26_num: Day 26 -
day26: Friday (Arms)
fri4_exc1: 
fri4_exc2: 
fri4_exc3: 
fri4_exc4: 
fri4_exc5: 
fri4_exc6: 
fri4_exc7: 
fri4_exc8: 
fri4_exc9: 
fri4_exc10: 
fri4_exc11: 
fri4_exc12: 
fri4_exc13: 
fri4_exc14: 
day27_num: Day 27 -
day27: Saturday (REST)
sat4_exc1: 
sat4_exc2: 
sat4_exc3: 
sat4_exc4: 
sat4_exc5: 
sat4_exc6: 
sat4_exc7: 
sat4_exc8: 
sat4_exc9: 
sat4_exc10: 
sat4_exc11: 
day28_num: Day 28 -
day28: Sunday (REST)
sun4_exc1:
sun4_exc2: 
sun4_exc3: 
sun4_exc4: 
sun4_exc5: 
sun4_exc6: 
sun4_exc7: 
sun4_exc8: 
sun4_exc9: 
sun4_exc10: 
sun4_exc11: 
day29_num: Day 29 -
day29: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon5_exc1: 
mon5_exc2: 
mon5_exc3: 
mon5_exc4: 
mon5_exc5: 
mon5_exc6: 
mon5_exc7: 
mon5_exc8: 
mon5_exc9: 
mon5_exc10: 
mon5_exc11: 
mon5_exc12: 
day30_num: Day 30 -
day30: Tuesday (Back)
tu5_exc1: 
tu5_exc2: 
tu5_exc3: 
tu5_exc4: 
tu5_exc5: 
tu5_exc6: 
tu5_exc7: 
tu5_exc8:
tu5_exc9:
tu5_exc10:
tu5_exc11:
tu5_exc12:
day31_num: Day 31 -
day31: Wednesday (Legs & Abs)
wed5_exc1: 
wed5_exc2: 
wed5_exc3: 
wed5_exc4: 
wed5_exc5: 
wed5_exc6: 
wed5_exc7: 
wed5_exc8: 
wed5_exc9: 
wed5_exc10:
wed5_exc11:
day32_num: Day 32 -
day32: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th5_exc1: 
th5_exc2: 
th5_exc3: 
th5_exc4: 
th5_exc5: 
th5_exc6: 
th5_exc7: 
th5_exc8: 
th5_exc9: 
th5_exc10:
th5_exc12:
th5_exc13:
th5_exc14:
th5_exc15:
day33_num: Day 33 -
day33: Friday (Arms)
fri5_exc1: 
fri5_exc2: 
fri5_exc3: 
fri5_exc4: 
fri5_exc5: 
fri5_exc6: 
fri5_exc7: 
fri5_exc8: 
fri5_exc9: 
fri5_exc10:
fri5_exc11:
fri5_exc12:
fri5_exc13:
fri5_exc14:
fri5_exc15:
day34_num: Day 34 -
day34: Saturday (Legs)
sat5_exc1: 
sat5_exc2: 
sat5_exc3: 
sat5_exc4: 
sat5_exc5: 
sat5_exc6: 
sat5_exc7:
sat5_exc8:
sat5_exc9:
sat5_exc10:
sat5_exc11:
day35_num: Day 35 -
day35: Sunday (REST)
sun5_exc1: 
sun5_exc2: 
sun5_exc3: 
sun5_exc4: 
sun5_exc5: 
sun5_exc6: 
sun5_exc7: 
sun5_exc8: 
sun5_exc9: 
sun5_exc10: 
sun5_exc11: 
day36_num: Day 36 -
day36: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon6_exc1: 
mon6_exc2: 
mon6_exc3: 
mon6_exc4: 
mon6_exc5: 
mon6_exc6: 
mon6_exc7: 
mon6_exc8: 
mon6_exc9: 
mon6_exc10:
mon6_exc11:
mon6_exc12:
day37_num: Day 37 -
day37: Tuesday (Back & Abs)
tu6_exc1: 
tu6_exc2: 
tu6_exc3: 
tu6_exc4: 
tu6_exc5: 
tu6_exc6: 
tu6_exc7: 
tu6_exc8: 
tu6_exc9: 
tu6_exc10:
tu6_exc11:
day38_num: Day 38 -
day38: Wednesday (Legs)
wed6_exc1: 
wed6_exc2: 
wed6_exc3: 
wed6_exc4: 
wed6_exc5: 
wed6_exc6: 
wed6_exc7: 
wed6_exc8: 
wed6_exc9: 
wed6_exc10:
wed6_exc11:
wed6_exc12:
day39_num: 
day39: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th6_exc1: 
th6_exc2: 
th6_exc3: 
th6_exc4: 
th6_exc5: 
th6_exc6: 
th6_exc7: 
th6_exc8: 
th6_exc9: 
th6_exc10:
th6_exc11:
th6_exc12:
th6_exc13:
th6_exc14:
th6_exc15:
th6_exc16:
th6_exc17:
th6_exc18:
th6_exc19:
day40_num: Day 40 -
day40: Friday (Arms)
fri6_exc1: 
fri6_exc2: 
fri6_exc3: 
fri6_exc4: 
fri6_exc5: 
fri6_exc6: 
fri6_exc7: 
fri6_exc8: 
fri6_exc9: 
fri6_exc10:
fri6_exc11:
fri6_exc12:
day41_num: Day 41 -
day41: Saturday (REST)
sat6_exc1: 
sat6_exc2: 
sat6_exc3: 
sat6_exc4: 
sat6_exc5: 
sat6_exc6: 
sat6_exc7: 
sat6_exc8: 
sat6_exc9: 
sat6_exc10: 
sat6_exc11: 
day42_num: Day 42 -
day42: Sunday (REST)
sun6_exc1: 
sun6_exc2: 
sun6_exc3: 
sun6_exc4: 
sun6_exc5: 
sun6_exc6: 
sun6_exc7: 
sun6_exc8: 
sun6_exc9: 
sun6_exc10: 
sun6_exc11: 
day43_num: Day 43 -
day43: Monday (Chest)
mon7_exc1: 
mon7_exc2: 
mon7_exc3: 
mon7_exc4: 
mon7_exc5: 
mon7_exc6: 
mon7_exc7: 
mon7_exc8: 
mon7_exc9: 
mon7_exc10:
mon7_exc11:
day44_num: Day 44 -
day44: Tuesday (Back & Abs)
tu7_exc1: 
tu7_exc2: 
tu7_exc3: 
tu7_exc4: 
tu7_exc5: 
tu7_exc6: 
tu7_exc7: 
tu7_exc8: 
tu7_exc9: 
tu7_exc10:
tu7_exc11:
tu7_exc12:
tu7_exc13:
tu7_exc14:
day45_num: Day 45 -
day45: Wednesday (Legs)
wed7_exc1:
wed7_exc2:
wed7_exc3:
wed7_exc4:
wed7_exc5:
wed7_exc6:
wed7_exc7:
wed7_exc8:
wed7_exc9:
wed7_exc10:
wed7_exc11:
day46_num: Day 46 -
day46: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th7_exc1: 
th7_exc2: 
th7_exc3: 
th7_exc4: 
th7_exc5: 
th7_exc6: 
th7_exc7: 
th7_exc8: 
th7_exc9: 
th7_exc10:
th7_exc11:
th7_exc12:
th7_exc13:
th7_exc14:
day47_num: Day 47 -
day47: Friday (Arms)
fri7_exc1: 
fri7_exc2: 
fri7_exc3: 
fri7_exc4: 
fri7_exc5: 
fri7_exc6: 
fri7_exc7: 
fri7_exc8: 
fri7_exc9: 
fri7_exc10: 
fri7_exc11: 
fri7_exc12: 
fri7_exc13: 
fri7_exc14: 
fri7_exc15: 
fri7_exc16: 
day48_num: Day 48 -
day48: Saturday (REST)
sat7_exc1: 
sat7_exc2:
sat7_exc3:
sat7_exc4:
sat7_exc5:
sat7_exc6:
sat7_exc7:
sat7_exc8:
sat7_exc9:
sat7_exc10:
sat7_exc11:
day49_num: Day 49 -
day49: Sunday (REST)
sun7_exc1: 
sun7_exc2:
sun7_exc3:
sun7_exc4:
sun7_exc5:
sun7_exc6:
sun7_exc7:
sun7_exc8:
sun7_exc9:
sun7_exc10:
sun7_exc11:
day50_num: Day 50 -
day50: Monday (Chest)
mon8_exc1: 
mon8_exc2: 
mon8_exc3: 
mon8_exc4: 
mon8_exc5: 
mon8_exc6: 
mon8_exc7: 
mon8_exc8: 
mon8_exc9:
mon8_exc10:
mon8_exc11:
day51_num: Day 51 -
day51: Tuesday (Back)
tu8_exc1: 
tu8_exc2: 
tu8_exc3: 
tu8_exc4: 
tu8_exc5: 
tu8_exc6: 
tu8_exc7: 
tu8_exc8: 
tu8_exc9: 
tu8_exc10:
tu8_exc11:
day52_num: Day 52 -
day52: Wednesday (Legs)
wed8_exc1: 
wed8_exc2: 
wed8_exc3: 
wed8_exc4: 
wed8_exc5: 
wed8_exc6: 
wed8_exc7: 
wed8_exc8: 
wed8_exc9: 
wed8_exc10:
wed8_exc11:
day53_num: Day 53 -
day53: Thursday (Shoulders)
th8_exc1: 
th8_exc2: 
th8_exc3: 
th8_exc4: 
th8_exc5: 
th8_exc6: 
th8_exc7: 
th8_exc8: 
th8_exc9: 
th8_exc10:
th8_exc11:
th8_exc12:
th8_exc13:
th8_exc14:
th8_exc15:
th8_exc16:
th8_exc17:
th8_exc18:
day54_num: Day 54 -
day54: Friday (Arms)
fri8_exc1: 
fri8_exc2: 
fri8_exc3: 
fri8_exc4: 
fri8_exc5: 
fri8_exc6: 
fri8_exc7: 
fri8_exc8: 
fri8_exc9: 
fri8_exc10:
fri8_exc11:
fri8_exc12:
day55_num: Day 55 -
day55: Saturday (REST)
sat7_exc1: 
sat7_exc2:
sat7_exc3:
sat7_exc4:
sat7_exc5:
sat7_exc6:
sat7_exc7:
sat7_exc8:
sat7_exc9:
sat7_exc10:
sat7_exc11:
day56_num: Day 56 -
day56: Sunday (REST)
sun7_exc1: 
sun7_exc2:
sun7_exc3:
sun7_exc4:
sun7_exc5:
sun7_exc6:
sun7_exc7:
sun7_exc8:
sun7_exc9:
sun7_exc10:
sun7_exc11:
day57_num: Day 57 -
day57: Monday (Chest & Abs)
mon9_exc1: 
mon9_exc2: 
mon9_exc3: 
mon9_exc4: 
mon9_exc5: 
mon9_exc6: 
mon9_exc7: 
mon9_exc8: 
mon9_exc9: 
mon9_exc10:
mon9_exc11:
day58_num: Day 58 -
day58: Tuesday (Back)
tu9_exc1: 
tu9_exc2: 
tu9_exc3: 
tu9_exc4: 
tu9_exc5: 
tu9_exc6: 
tu9_exc7: 
tu9_exc8: 
tu9_exc9: 
tu9_exc10:
tu9_exc11:
day59_num: Day 59 -
day59: Wednesday (Legs)
wed9_exc1:
wed9_exc2:
wed9_exc3:
wed9_exc4:
wed9_exc5:
wed9_exc6:
wed9_exc7:
wed9_exc8:
wed9_exc9:
wed9_exc10:
wed9_exc11:
day60_num: Day 60 -
day60: Thursday (Shoulders & Abs)
th9_exc1: 
th9_exc2: 
th9_exc3: 
th9_exc4: 
th9_exc5: 
th9_exc6: 
th9_exc7: 
th9_exc8: 
th9_exc9: 
th9_exc10:
th9_exc11:
th9_exc12:
day61_num: Day 61 -
day61: Friday (Arms)
fri9_exc1: 
fri9_exc2: 
fri9_exc3: 
fri9_exc4: 
fri9_exc5: 
fri9_exc6: 
fri9_exc7: 
fri9_exc8: 
fri9_exc9: 
fri9_exc10:
fri9_exc11:
fri9_exc12:
fri9_exc13:
day62_num: Day 62 -
day62: Saturday (REST)
sat7_exc1: 
sat7_exc2:
sat7_exc3:
sat7_exc4:
sat7_exc5:
sat7_exc6:
sat7_exc7:
sat7_exc8:
sat7_exc9:
sat7_exc10:
sat7_exc11:
day63_num: Day 63 -
day63: Sunday (REST)
sun7_exc1: 
sun7_exc2:
sun7_exc3:
sun7_exc4:
sun7_exc5:
sun7_exc6:
sun7_exc7:
sun7_exc8:
sun7_exc9:
sun7_exc10:
sun7_exc11:
---
